Matt has asked me, "I'm currently
bidding on the broad match term
employment law employers. I would have
assumed my ad would only show if all
three of these words appeared. Instead,
I'm showing for loads more terms." So,
Matt, the issue here is that Google is
triggering related words and synonyms.
For example, law may trigger legal and
employment may trigger employer,
employee, and the like. So, the official
line from Google on this is that
modified broad match lets you specify
certain broad match terms or their close
variants, but they can trigger your ad
if those include misspellings, singular,
plural forms, abbreviations,
acronyms, and stemmings. Uh, quite an
extensive list. Uh, for example, floor
and flooring would be considered the
same in the eyes of Google Adwords. So
the only way to tighten this up and by
the way this happens with exact match as
well. It's not it's not exactly exact
but um particularly in the case of broad
modified it's even worse if you're not
wanting to trigger for employee for
example you need to negative that out
and you need to negative out all the
specific words that you don't want. So
any close variants that you can think
of. Um a good thing to do is use a
thesaurus for this sort of thing. Add
them to the negatives as individual
single words. Uh, and you may even find
a few phrase matches you want to throw
in there. Otherwise, your broads, even
though they're broad modified, will
trigger for loads of stuff that you
probably don't want. I hope that helps,
Matt. Cheers.